Solution Task 1: Let's Go!

Solution Task 2: SakuraSnowAngelAiko

After analysing the binary and looking through the source code of the svg I found the name of the attacker
as part of the filename path (inkscape:export-filename="/home/SakuraSnowAngelAiko/Desktop/pwnedletter.png")

Solution Task 3: SakuraSnowAngel83@protonmail.com, Aiko Abe

First solution: A simple cyberchef from base64 operation ont he pgp key found in the github of the attacker (https://github.com/sakurasnowangelaiko/PGP/blob/main/publickey)
Second solution: I had to look this one up, apparently the hacker had a linkedinaccount on jp.linkedin,
this one is not findable anymore, even typing in the exact link to the acount did not work - but the real name is Aiko Abe. Reverse image search also did not work. I noticed after this that she mentions the name AikoAbe in her twitter.

Solutions Task 4: Ethereum, 0xa102397dbeeBeFD8cD2F73A89122fCdB53abB6ef, Ethermine, Tether

First solution: First I thought the attacker uses litecoin or bitcoin because of the cpu miner he forked.
I then noticed there are more repositories not immediatly shown, one is named ETH and has a mining script.
This script is fake and instead just has a link to an ethwallet in it.
Second solution: Looking through the commits of said file there is the old adress just sitting there. 
Had to figure out what part of the line "counts" as the adress but that was just trial and error.
Third solution: Simply putting the adress in google brings up ethermine which shows the exact transaction
and where the corresponding party was indeed Ethermine.
Fourth solution: Just 4 days before the before mentioned transaction the attacker transfered something worth 0 ETH.
The currency used was Tether: USDT Stablecoin

Solutions Task 5: @SakuraLoverAiko, http://deepv2w7p33xa4pwxzwi2ps4j62gfxpyp44ezjbmpttxz3owlsp4ljid.onion,
84:af:ec:34:fc:f8

First solution: already found that one early in our investigation.
Second solution: I looked at the instagram posts cause there where screenshots regarding wifi.
The instagram posts said "Not too concerned about someone else finding them on the Dark Web.
Anyone who wants them will have to do a real DEEP search to find where I PASTEd them."
So I thought I just got to look at pastebin and find some old hidden page - that was wrong. It was about the dark/deep web site 
deeppaste, which is not available anymore apparently. So I just used the hint. This had a screenshot with the url in it.
Third solution: We have to look for the attackers BSSID (basic service set identifier). A service set means all devices in a wifi net.
The identifier of this set is usually either the mac adress of the access point or a random number.
Searching for the wifiname on wiggle.net returns the correct BSSID.

Solutions Task 6: DCA, HND, Lake Inawashiro, Hirosaki

First solution: on the sakura bloom picture you can see the Washington Monument, so the solution should be the closest airport.
Second solution: I looked up sakura lounges there are not a lot. After a bit of reverse image search I found a blog that had a really similar picture taken at 
Handeda Airport so I looked up the Airport code for this one which is the solution.
Third solution: By now it is clear it is in japan, google maps made finding this one pretty easy.
Fourth solution: Looking back at the wifi information we have it has to be Hirosaki.